README.md, before:

# PAGHIPER

Ruby gem for [PAGHIPER](https://dev.paghiper.com/) API generation of "boletos" (brazilian cash payment method).

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/paghiper.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/paghiper)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/coyosoftware/paghiper.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/coyosoftware/paghiper)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/33a90218586cd93bb200/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/coyosoftware/paghiper/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/33a90218586cd93bb200/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/coyosoftware/paghiper/test_coverage)

**Currently, gem supports version v1.3 of PAGHIPER API**

## Installation

Add the following line in your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'paghiper'
```

and execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it through:

    $ gem install paghiper

## Configuration

Generate Rails initialization file

    $ rails g paghiper:install

Configure your client settings

```ruby
Paghiper.configure do |config|
  config.api_key = 'apk_99999999-XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX'
  config.http_debug = true
end
```

## Usage

### Generating boletos

```ruby
Paghiper::Transaction.create(transaction_data)
```

Check [API documentations](https://dev.paghiper.com/reference#gerar-boleto) of PAGHIPER required data to generate boletos.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/coyosoftware/paghiper. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Paghiper project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/coyosoftware/paghiper/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Adição do endpoint para retorno das notificações automáticas de status
Correção dos testes envolvendo o webmock

README.md, after:

# PAGHIPER

Ruby gem for [PAGHIPER](https://dev.paghiper.com/) API generation of "boletos" (brazilian cash payment method).

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/paghiper.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/paghiper)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/coyosoftware/paghiper.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/coyosoftware/paghiper)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/33a90218586cd93bb200/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/coyosoftware/paghiper/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/33a90218586cd93bb200/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/coyosoftware/paghiper/test_coverage)

**Currently, gem supports version v1.3 of PAGHIPER API**

## Installation

Add the following line in your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'paghiper'
```

and execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it through:

    $ gem install paghiper

## Configuration

Generate Rails initialization file

    $ rails g paghiper:install

Configure your client settings

```ruby
Paghiper.configure do |config|
  config.api_key = 'apk_99999999-XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX'
  config.token = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX'
  config.http_debug = true
end
```

## Usage

### Generating boletos

```ruby
Paghiper::Transaction.create(transaction_data)
```

Check the [API documentation](https://dev.paghiper.com/reference#gerar-boleto) for more information regarding this endpoint.

### Responding to boletos webhook (Automatic status notification)

```ruby
  Paghiper::Transaction.notification(notification_data)
```

Check the [API documentation](https://dev.paghiper.com/reference#qq) for the detailed notification flow.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/coyosoftware/paghiper. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Paghiper project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/coyosoftware/paghiper/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
